I have five pets I have eight pets
and I was eleven and now I separated from my ex
partner
this good almost all were adopted
minus one that this old man took
I have a future that is 16 years old is very
swallow and all the food of
all I was there in the flesh of
suddenly in a puppy that was
fiddling with another bothering a
German shepherd by small hand well
then I'm going to eat back but at
same puppy looks at the appetizer
they run over him right in front of my
eyes on sunday get yourself a
veterinarian and 16 years ago good 15
because I had eight meters good and I went to
vet that's fine with the cnd me
they saved her and she's here and this is an actress
she does not have character of you but if
those three rounds is a football that
Now he has six fingers and meditates
with me then it is little more
pérez but meditated weights and then one day
A sick little kitty arrived
they left it out here
because they leave me do not do not adopt the
please you and then I'm going to this one
I wear it they die in the vet
but he turned around and in the cage he was
I shark a ball of dragons from that
dirty size
we just found them
I peek at the hairs seat of the
rags and they were vivid eyes had
this little face because it was not going to come
with us
It is totally tender but on face
because it's neurotic stain power and it 's
that 's how neurotic is worse than a
crisis and the last one I saw a picture in
facebook of a puppy abandoned in that
the table is called super band
louse and we did
my adoration is love love my love
life that every dog ​​has its
personality is awesome as how
I do not know how people can not see
how can you see them as well as how
extra not as something extra in life every
animal has its personality there are times
that I have been like this
in love that good I've been
working very needy because no
I speak
the better life we take for the same side
that a dog when I was outraged
and I say this because a bark does not like
live the moment do not get attached the dogs
that's why I want to reincarnate in one